feat(flux): add support for renovating OCIRespository (#19017)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/flux/readme.md

The `flux` manager only updates `GitRepository` fields that have a `tag` or `commit` key.

### OCIRepository support

Renovate can update `oci` references from `OCIRepository` resources.

> The `flux` manager only updates `OCIRepository` fields that have a `tag` or `digest` key.

Reviewer: What happens when the `OCIRepository` fields have a `tag` **and** a `digest` key?

Author: According to the docs it seems digest will take precedent.

https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/source/ocirepositories/#digest-example

> The `flux` manager only updates `OCIRepository` fields that have a `digest` or `tag` key. If both exist `digest` takes precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `flux` manager only updates `OCIRepository` fields that have a `digest` or `tag` key.
If `tag` _and_ `digest` exist then `digest` takes precedence.
```

We follow the "one sentence per line pattern" in our docs. Plus we should be explicit about the fields, so people don't have to guess what "both exist" means. 😉
